README.md, before:

# RobotArmOutput

### Pipeline

Total task involves two arms but train them one by one: 

![pipline](pipline.png)

### Data Collection

Collecting data from both end during performing same reaching tasks: 

**For input end - record EMG and IMU topic 4 Myo devices (2 for each arm) from human:**

Procedure describes in https://github.com/jameszhz1647/connect_myo/tree/input_data

**For output end - used ROS MoveIt to plan a motion by setting target end-effector for Franka robot arm, recorded the topics of joint positions and velocities:**

1. Launch demo file in **custom_ws**: provide basics for panda MoveIt 

   ```jsx
   roslaunch panda_moveit_config demo.launch use_gui:=true
   ```

2. Launch talker node: listen to and publish the desired topics and provide set_pub service (used for record purpose, embedded in set_target service)

3. Launch task node: provide services: set_home, set_target  (2-3 in the same launch file)

   ```jsx
   roslaunch move_group_pkg robot_output_end.launch 
   ```

4. Run rosbag to record desired topic (topic only publishes during performing task), including **position/velocity/acceleration** for each trajectory points. (trajectory size varies)

   ```jsx
   rosbag record /points_data
   ```

5. Call service to perform task

   ```jsx
   rosservice call /set_home   //set home position  
   rosparam set x_y_pos    // set x, y coordinates of target position
   rosservice call /set_target   //set home position   
   ```

6. convert rosbag to csv

​	instruction detail: https://github.com/AtsushiSakai/rosbag_to_csv

​	`	rosrun rosbag_to_csv rosbag_to_csv.py` (make sure roscore running)



### Variational Autoencoder

Commit message:

ready to perform the move task(no gripper)

README.md, after:

# RobotArmOutput

### Pipeline

Total task involves two arms but train them one by one: 

![pipline](pipline.png)

### Data Collection

Collecting data from both end during performing same task: 

1. from home to reach the object at 45 deg (CCW)
2. pick the object straight up
3. place the object at a new spot (90 deg CCW)
4. back to home position

note: not including gripper operation yet, only 7 degree joint state kinematics.

**For input end - record EMG and IMU topic 4 Myo devices (2 for each arm) from human:**

​	Procedure describes in https://github.com/jameszhz1647/connect_myo/tree/input_data

**For output end - used ROS MoveIt to plan a motion by setting target end-effector for Franka robot arm, recorded the topics of joint positions and velocities:**

1. Launch demo file in **custom_ws**: provide basics for panda MoveIt 

   ```jsx
   roslaunch panda_moveit_config demo.launch use_gui:=true
   ```

2. Launch talker node: listen to and publish the desired topics and provide set_pub service (used for record purpose, embedded in set_target service)

3. Launch task node: provide services: set_home, set_target  (2-3 in the same launch file)

   ```jsx
   roslaunch move_group_pkg robot_output_end.launch 
   ```

4. Run rosbag to record desired topic (topic only publishes during performing task), including **position/velocity/acceleration** for each trajectory points. (trajectory size varies)

   ```jsx
   rosbag record /points_data
   ```

5. Call service to execute task

   ```jsx
   rosservice call /execute 
   ```
   
6. convert rosbag to csv

​	instruction detail: https://github.com/AtsushiSakai/rosbag_to_csv

​	`	rosrun rosbag_to_csv rosbag_to_csv.py` (make sure roscore running)

7. need post process robot data

   normalize by points size or human execution time ? (pos/velocity/acc) 

### Variational Autoencoder
